OSDOCS-11465: Documented the 4.16.5 z-stream RNs (#79639)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

For any {product-title} release, always review the instructions on xref:../updating/updating_a_cluster/updating-cluster-web-console.adoc#updating-cluster-web-console[updating your cluster] properly.
====

// 4.16.5
[id="ocp-4-16-5_{context}"]

> === RHBA-2024:4855 - {product-title} {product-version}.5 bug fix

Reviewer: making sure `{product-version}` is correct, it doesn't seem to be showing up in the preview (I might be missing something)

Author: Yeah, the preview builds cannot render these attributes as they exist outside our attributes files. They worked OK with the 4.16.4 release, so all should be good. Thanks!

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.16.4 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-16-5-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, with oc-mirror plugin v2 (Technology Preview), when a generated archive was moved to a different machine, the mirroring from archive to the mirror registry operation failed and outputted the following error message:
+
[source,termninal]
----
[ERROR]: [ReleaseImageCollector] open ${FOLDER}/working-dir/hold-release/ocp-release/4.15.17-x86_64/release-manifests/image-references: no such file or directory
----
+
With this release, the machine that runs oc-mirror receives an automatic update to change its target location to the working directory. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-37040[*OCPBUGS-37040*])

> * Previously, the {oc-first} command `openshift-install destroy cluster` would stale and cause the following error message:

Reviewer: Is there a word missing? (go stale? become stale?)

Author: Added "stalled and caused".

+
[source,terminal]
----
VM has a local SSD attached but an undefined value for 'discard-local-ssd' when using A3 instance types
----
+
With this release, after you issue the command, local SSDs are removed so that this bug no longer persists. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36965[*OCPBUGS-36965*])

> * Previously, when the Cloud Credential Operator checked if passthrough mode permissions were correct, the Operator sometimes received a response from the {gcp-first} API about an invalid permission for a project. This bug caused the Operator to enter a degraded state that in turn impacted the installation of the cluster. With this release, the Cloud Credential Operator checks specifically for this error so that it diagnose it separatly without impact installation of the cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36834[*OCPBUGS-36834*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, when the Cloud Credential Operator checked if passthrough mode permissions were correct, the Operator sometimes received a response from the {gcp-first} API about an invalid permission for a project. This bug caused the Operator to enter a degraded state that in turn impacted the installation of the cluster. With this release, the Cloud Credential Operator checks specifically for this error so that it diagnoses it separately without impact to installation of the cluster. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-36834[*OCPBUGS-36834*])
```

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
